Added section to Python models doc to discuss third party packages following this the thread: https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C05FWBP9X1U/p1730272033637189 (#6418)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/python-models.md

**Docs:** ["Developer Guide: Snowpark Python"](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark/python/index.html)

> #### Third-party snowflake packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Third-party Snowflake packages
```

To use a third-party Snowflake package that isn't available in Snowflake Anaconda, upload your package by following [this example](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-packages#importing-packages-through-a-snowflake-stage) then, configure `imports` in the dbt Python model to reference to the zip file in your Snowflake staging.

Here’s a complete example configuration, including using `imports` in a Python model:

```python

import sys
from snowflake.snowpark.types import StructType, FloatType, StringType, StructField

def model( dbt, session):

	dbt.config(
    materialized='table',
    imports = ['@dbt_integration_test/iris.csv'],
    use_anonymous_sproc = False
)
schema_for_data_file = StructType([
    StructField("length1", FloatType()),
    StructField("width1", FloatType()),
    StructField("length2", FloatType()),
    StructField("width2", FloatType()),
    StructField("variety", StringType()),
])
df = session.read.schema(schema_for_data_file).option("field_delimiter", ",").schema(schema_for_data_file).csv("@dbt_integration_test/iris.csv")
return df

```

> In this example, dbt is configured to locate the `iris.csv` file in the designated Snowflake stage, `@dbt_integration_test`.

Reviewer: maybe we can signal out the 'imports=..` statement since its a whole block of code. also not sure how this changes based on @b-per 's comment

```suggestion
This example uses `imports = ['@dbt_integration_test/iris.csv'],`, which tells dbt to locate the `iris.csv` file in the designated Snowflake stage, `@dbt_integration_test`.
```

**Docs:** ["Developer Guide: Snowpark Python"](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark/python/index.html)

#### Third-party Snowflake packages

> To use a third-party Snowflake package that isn't available in Snowflake Anaconda, upload your package by following [this example](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-packages#importing-packages-through-a-snowflake-stage) then, configure `imports` in the dbt Python model to reference to the zip file in your Snowflake staging.

Reviewer: it read a little weird to me when you had the 'this example then, configure..' structure
```suggestion
To use a third-party Snowflake package that isn't available in Snowflake Anaconda, upload your package by following [this example](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/python/udf-python-packages#importing-packages-through-a-snowflake-stage), and then configure the `imports` setting in the dbt Python model to reference to the zip file in your Snowflake staging.
```

> Here’s a complete example configuration, including using `imports` in a Python model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s a complete example configuration using a zip file, including using `imports` in a Python model:
```

```python

def model(dbt, session):
    # Configure the model
    dbt.config(
        materialized="table",
        imports=["@mystage/mycustompackage.zip"],  # Specify the external package location
    )
    
    # Example data transformation using the imported package
    # (Assuming `some_external_package` has a function we can call)
    data = {
        "name": ["Alice", "Bob", "Charlie"],
        "score": [85, 90, 88]
    }
    df = pd.DataFrame(data)

    # Process data with the external package
    df["adjusted_score"] = df["score"].apply(lambda x: some_external_package.adjust_score(x))
    
    # Return the DataFrame as the model output
    return df

```

For more information on using this configuration, refer to [Snowflake's documentation](https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/how-to-use-other-python-packages-in-snowpark) on uploading and using other python packages in Snowpark not published on Snowflake's Anaconda channel.

> To use external libraries, you can also use the [`zip`](https://github.com/phdata/dbt_snowpark_sentiment_example/blob/2c5528278e14dba678fb7773cca2d47f8adbeb4d/models/reviews.py#L30) approach.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need this line. The zip approach is already the one in the example, no?

Reviewer: i agre w Benoit! maybe instead we should mention that users can also use the .py approach so they know fully what approaches they can use?

Author: Thanks for the feedback @b-per I'll remove that

> To use external libraries, you can also use the [`zip`](https://github.com/phdata/dbt_snowpark_sentiment_example/blob/2c5528278e14dba678fb7773cca2d47f8adbeb4d/models/reviews.py#L30) approach.

Author: ```suggestion

```
